Community PR - Dune Dashboard (2a) (#5976)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/dune-analytics/parachain-dashboards/invarch-dashboards.md

---
id: invarch-dashboards
title: InvArch Dashboards
sidebar_label: InvArch
description:
  The InvArch Network is a Multichain Account abstraction hub, optimized for decentralized
  operations & financial management spanning across every blockchain.

keywords: [polkadot, dashboard, dune, InvArch, DAO]
slug: ../invarch-dashboards
---

# Invarch Dashboards

## Overview

The InvArch Network is a Multichain Account abstraction hub, optimized for decentralized operations
& financial management spanning across every blockchain.

InvArch provides individuals, organizations & DAOs with a single account that can be used to manage
all of their assets & execute transactions across any network.

## Featured Dashboards on Dune

> Here you'll find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Acala parachain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Acala parachain:
```

- [InvArch](https://dune.com/substrate/invarch): This dashboard provides a comprehensive view of
  InvArch chain-state and information about DAO Staking.

## Key Tables

Data from the InvArch parachain is organized into several key tables:

- `invarch.balances`
- `invarch.blocks`
- `invarch.calls`
- `invarch.events`,
- `invarch.extrinsics`
- `invarch.transfers`

## Useful Queries

> Currently, there are no specific queries provided. Please check back later for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are no specific queries provided.
```
